---
created: 2024-10-16T10:12
date: 2024-10-18T20:56
edited_seconds: 3720
---

Norman zipped up his yellow jumper, landed feet first into an E.V.A. suit and shut his eyes as he savored one last breath. *72 hours till I get back to this stinking air I seem to love.* As his lungs filled, the suit began to seal along his spine, slicone creeping its way up until it locked with a tickle at the nape of his neck. *Sometimes the seals didn't want to come undone.* As he continued inhaling, the suit depressed, closing in around him. Raising his right hand, he slapped on his air pump. The suit relaxed outward. Norman finally exhaled and opened his eyes.

*I swear these suits are getting heavier. But this damned wardrobe always was too bright.* He brought his hand up to sheild his eyes but the light was too diffused. Alongside him were several other E.V.A. suits strapped to the worn octagonal hull walls of the crampt cabin. He swung open the door he faced and used hand holds to climb through the opening into the airlock. Norman swiped his keycard along the scanner, flicked the lock button, and after a short delay, the steel door behind him slammed closed. The room began to rattle as it depressurized. He wedged his boots into rungs at his feet and felt them squeze against the bottom of his wet socks. *Why's it so hot?*

The siren began shouting and Norman could feel the pressure atop his body lifting away. *Mag's expecting the carriage to be unloaded today. I do a favor for him last week and now he thinks I can cut through red tape with every Burro!* The air seemed to hiss as it was sent off. The pulsing lights turned from white to yellow. The siren halted abruptly, becoming an echo and then disappering, leaving only silence.

Norman still heard ringing though. *God I hate when it's quiet.*

The vacuum of space had once felt uplifting, but Norman grew weary of it in spite of it's weightlessness. Microgravity let him push off the floor of the airlock, floating towards the ceiling. He grabbed hold and then sent himself towards the door to the ship yard. Holding on to the wall with one hand and swinging the door open with the other, he found his eyes drawn to his latest assignment, the USS Ever Floating. *Where have I seen you before?* 

He pulled out his reflective warning flag and pushed off the exterior wall, drifting up towards the Burro's bottom with a slight spin. The Ever Floating was small for a cargo freighter. It had a pointed bow for navigating and sqaure aft for loading. *She mocks the relics that leveraged the wind to cut through waves. Unthinkable design now. Space calls for hulking monstrosities, not sleek blades like her. No, now all they cared about was if they could hold air.*

As he drifted through the yard he saw other technicians darting around their defunct Burros like pinballs. Most were due for maintanence, some needing cosmetic repairs, while others required complete overhauls. As long as Smile would pay, the contractors working on Neptune Nine would perform diligent, quick work. *We always work our asses off but never get a break. Maybe she's mine.*
 
Norman approached the Ever Floating's curved starboard side at a shallow angle, squinting for rungs to grab hold of. His push off the airlock sent him heading closer to the bow than he intended. To shift his direction towards the aft, where he would enter the Burro, he pulled out his grapple hook from a holster at his thigh. Whipping its center shaft to deploy the steel hooks, he hurled it towards a set of rungs closer to the aft. *Damn those are small.*

The hook and line shot away, cast free and unwinding from the reel at his hip. The hook caught hold just as his shoulder slammed against the hull of the Burro. His suit's exoskeleton activated to protect him, but it's rigidity left him ricocheting off the hull. *Now I'm spinning.* Norman found the line coming out of the reel, wrapped some of the slack around his hand, then stuck out his fist. The line cinched tight around his palm as he forced his body towards the opposite direction. *Oh, I felt that one in the gut, probably shouldn't have pulled so hard.* The line became slack as he was sent hurling toward the direction of the hook. Before he got caught in the web of line, he slapped the reel at his waist and sent the line winding back, as well as the hook. It was flying at him in an arc, but he caught hold of it within inches of caving in his helmet, knuckles white. *I thought I just polished you. You're looking tarnished.*

Once he reached the set of horizontal rungs, he took a breathe and began climbing his way towards the corner of the aft. The rungs sat midway along the hull, encircling the entire length of the Burro, from bow to aft. It was slow moving, as one mistake would send him spinning away again. *What I would give for a pair of mag boots. So a few fly off and crush some sorry sods inbetween a hull. Doesn't mean I'll be caught with my bloody boots untied!* As he moved, step by step, he noticed miniscule depressions the size of his hands traveling perpendicular to the rungs, up the side of the Burro as far as he could see. *These are impressions. From mag boots. Speak of the devil.* 

